Make timeouts for API calls editable (#47)
pixlee/android-sdk: README.md

                // (Optional) if you use multi-region, you can set your region id here to get photos, a photo, and products available in the region.
                val regionId:Int? = null // replace this value with yours
                PXLClient.regionId = regionId

>                 // (Optional) if you need to change timeouts of APIs, you can do it with these.
>                 PXLClient.apiTimeoutRead = null // the default is 60 seconds
>                 PXLClient.apiTimeoutConnect = null // the default is 60 seconds
>                 PXLClient.apiTimeoutWrite = null // the default is 180 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // (Optional) if you need to change timeouts of APIs, you can do it with these.
                PXLClient.apiTimeoutRead = 120 // the default is 60 seconds
                PXLClient.apiTimeoutConnect = 120 // the default is 60 seconds
                PXLClient.apiTimeoutWrite = 360 // the default is 180 seconds
```
